docs: add SECURITY.md with vulnerability disclosure policy (#89)
maxcountryman/tower-sessions-stores: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

> We support the latest commit on the `main` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support the latest published version on crates.io.
```
